[Music]
i'm the seo coach training businesses to
be seo all-stars and outrank their
competition on google
[Music]
i want to join the seo team
let's see what you've got kid
[Music]
i'm not sure you got what it takes kid
you might feel like your website doesn't
have what it takes to rank on google and
get found by customers needing what you
do
but the good news is i'm going to share
some tips to get your site back in the
game let's go
[Music]
your website is not a one and done just
like training to become a pro basketball
player
it takes discipline
consistency hard work and activity to
get the results
and become an seo all-star
[Music]
pro tip one keyword research you want to
think for your business website what are
your potential customers searching for
around your product your service your
offering you want to think about what
someone might type in if they need your
product right here and right now what
they're looking for if they're comparing
your service against competitors or what
they might be looking for if they're
higher up in the process if they're just
considering best ways to do something
learning tips learning tricks before
they're ready to buy think about all
these stages of the sales process when
doing your keyword research which is the
vital first step of becoming an seo
all-star
[Music]
pro tip two
on page seo this is all about getting
your website technically sound in terms
of the build the structure and the
content you want to think of your
website as being the go-to place for
your industry so if someone lands on it
they can find exactly what they want to
know about your industry learn about
your services your products the
offerings the locations you serve is
relevant so rather than just having one
page with everything on it you want to
break your site into pages for your home
your about your main services your
offerings you might want to have
resources blogs podcasts and more so no
matter where someone is on your site
they can get useful info you want to
think about things like from a technical
side of things how fast your website
loads nice and quick making sure it
works smoothly on mobile tablet and pc
breaking up the technical side of things
with page titles heading tags metadata
image alt tags all these things that go
into good sound technical seo which
builds a solid foundation for your seo
success in becoming an all-star
[Music]
pro tip three we've got off page seo big
part of this is building out quality
content and building backlinks to ramp
up the domain authority ramp up your
organic rankings on google and boost
the positioning of the pages you want to
rank one way to do this is to build
partnerships so think of complementary
companies that can add value to your
services and you can add value to them
for example
and websites and seo like us at web
choice a complimenting company
might be an analytic software company so
we can reach out to them and say look
let's create some content together let's
create some video videos press releases
podcasts
create an article on our website with a
link back to you
you do the same on your website the link
back to us we've both created a quality
backlink and you can find many companies
that complement your services build
quality backlinks get your rankings
higher
[Music]
hold on kid you've gone from zero to
hero
keep putting in that work that activity
keep that end goal in mind and you can
become an seo all-star
thanks seo coach
if you're fed up of your competitors
stealing your traffic your clients
yourselves because they're higher ranked
on google
then give the guys over at
webchoiceuk.com a shout and we'll get
you back in the game
[Music]
[Applause]
oh
no
lucy